# OpenProjection

OpenProjection is a basic open-source machine learning project I designed during my master's. Its main use is as a very beginner-friendly, step-by-step tutorial for machine learning in Python. It covers different types of supervised learning problems, including both regression and classification, as well as an embedded unsupervised learning problem. We'll also practice using an API (remotely accessing some website's functions).

The entire thing can be run from start to finish in Google Colab [here](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shwnmnl/OpenProjection/blob/main/OpenProjection.ipynb), but you'll be able to access it directly in the notebook. The streamlined script is also available if you wanna just jump right in. 

## **Context:** 
It is said that we do not perceive the world as it is, but as we are. Such poetic truisms capture a key phenomenon that the fields of philosophy, psychology and neurosicence have been grappling with for millenia, centuries and decades, respectively: individuals experience themselves and the world in their own unique and rather impenetrable way. Getting to the core subjective experience holds great promise for many other herculean tasks, such as understanding, preventing and treating the distorsions of subjective experience that lead to mental health diagnoses and ultimately, revealing the nature of consciousness itself. Obviously, we won't be solving the Hard Problem in this notebook, but we will attempt a first pass at quantifying verbal reports of subjective experience and relating them to mental health (broadly construed).

We'll be working with a classic test in psychology, the Thematic Apperception Test (TAT), designed to assess variations in how individuals interpret ambiguous situations. Following from the popular adage at the beginnning of this section, the TAT is founded on the idea that people reveal aspects of themselves when confronted with non-obvious situations. However, the degree to which this is true has never truly been exposed to quantitative statistical verifications....until now. 
